# 19th of December

Recording of meeting: [https://youtu.be/uc9JY7YIkAg](https://youtu.be/uc9JY7YIkAg)

## tl;dr

- Research over the next 2 weeks.
- Laser or radio is still up to debate.
- Contacting possible advisors and youtubers.
- Meetings can occur over the next two weeks but there won't be any official ones. If a meeting occurs there should be a meeting note for it here.

## Hardware

- Laser or radio?
- Problems with laser:
  - Cost of the system.
  - Can we even send that much data through the atmosphere using a laser?
  - Amount of power needed to charge the laser.
- Problems with radio:
  - Would a youtuber still be willing to work with us if we used radio?
  - How much of a feat is it just to send some radio waves to the moon?
- What frequency should we use for the laser/radio system.
- Research needs to be done over the next 2 weeks to figure out exactly what hardware we would need for this and if it is even possible.
- What if we used a prebuilt laser at an observatory? In that case, we would just be building the encoding system. This calls into question again if a youtuber would be willing to make a video about something prebuilt.
- Claire might be able to contact someone from her school about using a telescope there.
- If we do go with radio we should turn off the sender when trying to receive back the wave to prevent interference.
- Do we need a laser/radio operating license?

## Software

- How much data are we planning to send? We can send way more with radio than with the laser system.
- Landing page should be done over the next 2 weeks.
- Landing page should be generic enough so we can switch from laser to radio if needed. There shouldn't be too much content on the site.
- No other developments have been made software-wise. The whole team agrees that this should be the easy part of the project.

## Communications

- Communication will be done over slack channels.
- Meetings can occur over the next two weeks but there won't be any official ones. If a meeting occurs there should be a meeting note for it here.
- Emailed a few people over the last week:
  - Ishan sent out email to [Mark Rober](https://www.youtube.com/c/MarkRober).
  - Maggie is going to send out email to [Xyla Foxlin](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEn3fRj2e0mpqYsijxnzayg).
- Emailing some professors or possible advisors over the next two weeks would be ideal.
- We might need to talk to the FCC about using a laser or radio system.

## Other

- Things are going to be kinda slow over the next two weeks as staff is going to be on vacation.
- Lynz is going to be working at HQ on this full-time after the new year.
